hello and welcome everyone to another
starcraft two england cast today I've
got game one of a best-of-three it's
from the IPL 5 Korean qualifies and it
is between im's MVP who is the red
Terran player in the lower right and
lucky is the blue Zerg in the top right
the map is in tune Valley what does that
mean well basically means that lucky can
get a relatively easy natural but Sachi
can MVP this isn't too hard to hold this
position a bunker go somewhere here ish
in the middle you can also get supply
depot wall offs the transition to the
third is a bit awkward actually a full
lucky because these rocks are here yes
you can go around and get a third but
you have to take these rocks off you
want to defend outta quickly otherwise
just the time it takes to come and
defend around the front just can be too
long ago hangs up on the high gun you
can stab a nightmare obviously MVP he
can take his third really easily can
build the command center here floated
down Marines can take this town really
really quick so that is not a problem in
the slightest there so that's really
essentially to the mid game we didn't
have lucky going for an 11 of 10 bill
but he does have the Overlord there so
that is basically just because you went
to 10 drones then build the Overlord and
then obviously when extractor got the
11th drawing counselor to get the
drawing back so we do have this drone
coming oh we got fairly standard opening
here out of MVP no command center first
getting this box is really standard one
racks command center he's getting ever
more increasing why actually expect MVP
to unless he's going feeling a bit more
aggressive purely because most of our
players we've got 15 hatch 16 port and
as a Terran you just got to sit there
and think well if they're expanding
anyway why don't I just expand as well
they can put on pressure if they go with
at 15 hatch it also that means that the
Zerg player either has to come and try
and kill you or deal a lot of damage or
take a third base because the circular
cannot last economically being on equal
basis as the opponent there's the 15
hatch out of lucky I expect to see well
two more drones exactly as I thought up
to 16 and now we should save the key the
pool go down I always guarantee weakness
a command center out of MVP because he's
got he's backing up around the 300
mineral mark so he will showing of the
orbital once this command center
finishes and then I expect to see that
he'll go for that come on Center beggar
is the orbital go to 300 knows they move
in SCV down
comes the SCV already there and that's
basically get the world max commands and
as expected we do have the pull down and
gas as well coming off and lucky here
basically this gas depending on how many
jersey puts in three Jones means
brushing speed if you then pulls dry now
can be a bathing bus timing or something
like that but essentially I do believe
that let me just check this before I i
get this possibly wrong no it's not
knowing that it's coming out but
basically this extractor by canceling
and rebuilding it takes a couple of
Marines to attribute to knock it out I
know what you've got Marines attacking
it it means that this isn't gonna be a
like one rack to the proxy rax somewhere
it's not a Nolan it's basically safe
you've got a pile of good information
coming out as well from this looking
back at luckys bases got that spawning
pool just finishes natural base has come
up with NC a double queen come out very
very shortly there we go be interesting
to see whether he stays on to Queens or
goes up to three or four reason I
personally think getting a well one or
two creep spread Queens is purely
because you get that great creep spread
which gives you early warning and always
a better defense doesn't mean you get
transfuse is later you don't have to
worry too much now this is really
interesting this is going up to four
racks this is a lot of barracks coming
out usually you do see a one Rex c'mon
send with two barracks following up but
three is huge and that's because there's
no gas so we could see a lot of marine
pressure come on here and basically that
is completely fine a lot of Marines will
get pumped out now and essentially all
the lucky needs to do is get a baneling
nest if anyone who keeps now my channel
there was an intro game I put up I'm
calm recall who he was playing against
but they pumped just so many marines and
all you need to do is get a painting
lesson he would have been fine but he
didn't and he ended up losing and rage
quitting many we do have well two queens
for just ready to deal with any hellions
no more queens in production yet that is
the real key thing if we did see some
Queens and production would be very very
telling but i do believe these zerglings
are about well you're not gonna be able
to come down but he is aware that well
from this overlook that that command
center is down which is a big tell if we
go back lucky is really just getting up
some gas he's getting up his second gas
now splitting it equally that's really
really nice we do have on MVPs i detect
lab coming down both gasp are down will
probably well
combat sure that's really interesting
the fact it's not stem and it's combat
she'll coming down suggests that there's
gonna be a heavy marine push these
zerglings do get in there had some
really critical scouting information
that lucky i will expect to see him
throw down that painting that's very
very shortly because i take a look he
sees what add-ons are there he knows
there's no other tech labs and that's
just really really telling that there's
gonna be a lot of Marines and not much
else especially that early the ward off
is also really really helpful this
supply depot just getting taken down to
build up more space but the moment you
see lucky pump more zerglings i'm really
surprised he hasn't shut down the fame
nest but more way and see what he does a
couple of mood is coming out that's
gonna be very very helpful just do some
extra damage to buildings and i'm really
interested see how lucky tries to hold
this and if he's gonna be able to
because empathy is gonna have a lot of
units are really really quick and once
these Murray numbers are getting really
high you can't actually gauge
effectively with just leggings because
you physically can't get enough surround
and that ball of Marines do so much
damage and it's just well ridiculously
hard and all of these earnings are
unfortunately going to engage very costs
in effectively but he needs to pump all
those Irving's but if you just had a cup
of banelings if he finds so this is all
really strange again this is where the
creeps bread comes in fantastically if
there was two extra queens or even one
and the creep spread to say down to this
point which it would be by about eight
minutes if not slightly further then the
banelings move farsi to get better
connects but we do have MVP getting
ready to move out right now and this
while isn't it isn't a huge force it's
gonna be quite difficult for lucky to
take out but here comes this painting
this now he is gonna see from this
overlord exactly what he's coming at him
and he needs to react very very
prominent he's pumping 14 was oh gosh
stop all coming up behind this so this
is really interesting is gonna be from
medevac to the third command center
coming up and basically MVP is favoring
that marine ruin a medevac type build
one surgeon goes down there and
essentially what lucky needs is an
absolutely optimum point of attack he
needs to go great around he doesn't want
this force getting into any jokes such
as by these rocks I'd be a huge huge
problem because then they'd even be less
surface area for the zones exactly but
the baneling nest is nearly done that's
what's really really key every PK want
to check for the third after base would
be incredible income the zerglings now
combat
is done and they have actually got quite
a good surface area that the Marines
aren't quite in a perfect ball and that
will get cleaned up very very easily now
obviously the key thing why that worked
or is the Marines were spread out and
it's all about surface area if you keep
them bored then the zerglings can't
attack many Marines at once but all the
Marines can attack at once so that's
really ain't but now Wow holy baneling
that is a lot of banelings right there
46 where anyone who can't breed but 46
bindings are going to just plow through
this now frankly I don't think there's
anything MVP can do he's trying to bring
those SUVs into a pair but they're just
gonna be too much damage just look at
those racks mode so many SUVs could take
now those that GG and those are nice
defense by lucky so go to my channel
check out game 2 i'll try and remember
to burn link in the comments it's not
they would definitely be a link to the
playlist and all the games will be in
there so do check that out game to see
in a second